# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`sssd`](#sssd): Base sssd class

## Classes

### <a name="sssd"></a>`sssd`

Installs and configures SSSD

#### Examples

##### Declaring the class

```puppet
include ::sssd
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `sssd` class:

* [`ensure`](#ensure)
* [`config`](#config)
* [`sssd_package`](#sssd_package)
* [`sssd_package_ensure`](#sssd_package_ensure)
* [`sssd_service`](#sssd_service)
* [`extra_packages`](#extra_packages)
* [`extra_packages_ensure`](#extra_packages_ensure)
* [`config_file`](#config_file)
* [`config_template`](#config_template)
* [`mkhomedir`](#mkhomedir)
* [`manage_oddjobd`](#manage_oddjobd)
* [`service_ensure`](#service_ensure)
* [`service_dependencies`](#service_dependencies)
* [`enable_mkhomedir_flags`](#enable_mkhomedir_flags)
* [`disable_mkhomedir_flags`](#disable_mkhomedir_flags)
* [`pam_mkhomedir_umask`](#pam_mkhomedir_umask)
* [`ensure_absent_flags`](#ensure_absent_flags)
* [`authselect_profile`](#authselect_profile)

##### <a name="ensure"></a>`ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present', 'absent']`

Ensure if the sssd config file is to be present or absent.

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="config"></a>`config`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash containing entire SSSD config.

Default value: `{
    'sssd'               => {
      'domains'             => $::domain,
      'config_file_version' => 2,
      'services'            => ['nss', 'pam'],
    },
    "domain/${::domain}" => {
      'access_provider'    => 'simple',
      'simple_allow_users' => ['root'],
    },
  }`

##### <a name="sssd_package"></a>`sssd_package`

Data type: `String`

Name of the sssd package. Only set this if your platform
is not supported or you know what you're doing.

Default value: `'sssd'`

##### <a name="sssd_package_ensure"></a>`sssd_package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Sets the ensure parameter of the sssd package.

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="sssd_service"></a>`sssd_service`

Data type: `String`

Name of the sssd service.

Default value: `'sssd'`

##### <a name="extra_packages"></a>`extra_packages`

Data type: `Array`

Array of extra packages.

Default value: `[]`

##### <a name="extra_packages_ensure"></a>`extra_packages_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Value of ensure parameter for extra packages.

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="config_file"></a>`config_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Path to the sssd config file.

Default value: `'/etc/sssd/sssd.conf'`

##### <a name="config_template"></a>`config_template`

Data type: `String`

Defines the template used for the sssd config.

Default value: `'sssd/sssd.conf.erb'`

##### <a name="mkhomedir"></a>`mkhomedir`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage auto-creation of home directories on
user login.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="manage_oddjobd"></a>`manage_oddjobd`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage the oddjobd service.

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="service_ensure"></a>`service_ensure`

Data type: `Variant[Boolean, Enum['running', 'stopped']]`

Ensure if services should be running/stopped.

Default value: `'running'`

##### <a name="service_dependencies"></a>`service_dependencies`

Data type: `Array`

Array of service resource names to manage before
managing sssd related services. Intended to be used to manage messagebus
service to prevent `Error: Could not start Service[oddjobd]`.

Default value: `[]`

##### <a name="enable_mkhomedir_flags"></a>`enable_mkhomedir_flags`

Data type: `Array`

Array of flags to use with authconfig
or authselect to enable auto-creation of home directories.

Default value: `[
    '--enablesssd',
    '--enablesssdauth',
    '--enablemkhomedir',
  ]`

##### <a name="disable_mkhomedir_flags"></a>`disable_mkhomedir_flags`

Data type: `Array`

Array of flags to use with authconfig
or authselect to disable auto-creation of home directories.

Default value: `[
    '--enablesssd',
    '--enablesssdauth',
    '--disablemkhomedir',
  ]`

##### <a name="pam_mkhomedir_umask"></a>`pam_mkhomedir_umask`

Data type: `String`

Umask to set for pam_mkhomedir (oddjobd-mkhomedir on RedHat uses UMASK from login.defs)

Default value: `'0022'`

##### <a name="ensure_absent_flags"></a>`ensure_absent_flags`

Data type: `Array`

Array of flags to use with authconfig when service
is disabled.

Default value: `[
    '--disablesssd',
    '--disablesssdauth',
  ]`

##### <a name="authselect_profile"></a>`authselect_profile`

Data type: `String`

Name of authselect profile to use

Default value: `'sssd'`

